Review Guide (#107)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/reviews/respect.txt

  Conversely, a “thank you” to the reviewers is occasionally a nice thing, too.

Don't
+++++

- Don't shame people. “How could you not see this” is a very unhelpful thing to say.
  Assume that your colleagues do their best, but occasionally make mistakes. That's
  why we have reviews - to spot those mistakes. While flawless PRs are awesome,
  flawed ones are the norm.

- Don't use extreme or very negative language. Please don‘t say things like
  “no sane person would ever do this” or “this is terrible”, whether it’s about
  the PR you‘re reviewing or about the surrounding content. While it might
  intimidate the reviewee into doing what you want, it’s not helpful in the long run -
  they will feel incapable, and there is not much info in there to help them improve.
  “This is a good start, but it could use some work” or “This needs some cleanup”
  are nicer ways of saying it. Discuss the content, not the person.

- Don't discourage tool use. If people use the automated formatter, be grateful
  they‘re willing to give up the power of formatting in favor of ensuring consistency.
  Think carefully before enforcing your own preferences over it.

> - Don't bike shed. Always ask yourself if this decision really matters in the long

Reviewer: I haven't heard "bike shed," it'd be helpful for me if the meaning were written out

> - Don't bike shed. Always ask yourself if this decision really matters in the long

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: I've never heard "bikeshed". Could this link to a definition
```suggestion
- Don't [bikeshed](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/bikeshed). Always ask yourself if this decision really matters in the long
```
